Make Explicit TTL Impact of updateUrl Call (#779)
WICG/turtledove: FLEDGE.md

`prioritySignalsOverrides` will be merged with the previous value, with `null`

> meaning a value should be removed from the interest group's old dictionary). This

Reviewer: ```suggestion
meaning a value should be removed from the interest group's old dictionary). The HTTP request 
```

will not include any metadata, so data such as the interest group `name` should be

> included within the URL. Note that the TTL of the Interest Group is not reset after the completion of the update.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
included within the URL. Note that the lifetime of an Interest Group is not affected by the update mechanism — ad targeting based on a person's activity on a site remains limited to 30 days after the most recent site visit.
```
